In the doubt that, that is the doubt, that bodhi chitta, and of course we all know that bodhi ch
itta,
but again bodhi chitta, essence of bodhi chitta is compassion.
And compassion, we have to feel compassion, we all think why we have to feel it, why we have to
feel it.
For a Buddha then, everyone is being so kind and so important for us, once upon a time, so many
times.
And why say that everyone becomes so kind to us, once upon a time, so many times?
Because we, so, we are now, we take this birth. This is not the first time.
We take so many births in the samsara, so many days, you know, every number.
Most of the time, we come birth to the parents. Therefore, those parents have been very kind to us,
very similar parents now,
who help us to grow and be as we are now, because our parents, same way they did in the past.
Therefore, we really like to return their kindness and support them, that I like to return to all
of them.